hey how's it going guys welcome to
another how hard is it to run a video I
haven't done this in a little bit and
this how hard is it one is gonna be from
metal gear rising revengeance which if
you guys don't know came out on xbox 360
and ps3 in February of 2013 finally
making its debut on the pc on january 9
2014 it's finally being released this
game is awesome I beat it on the ps3 and
I'm definitely gonna buy it again just a
fucking awesome game it's not like a
traditional metal gear game it's like
stealth action based on this is like a
straight-up action game if you played
games like devil may cry it's like that
god of wars it's a really good game it's
really short you can beat in like four
to five hours but trust me guys it's so
good so like that four to five hours
that you spend with it is like one of
the best I had last year in a game in
all of gaming so yeah I highly recommend
you guys to pick this game up it's a
really fun game and i highly recommend
it and on to the system requirements now
i'm pretty hesitant about this port uh
the problem is this is platinum games is
first port to the pc and no one really
knows how they don't have a track record
of how they are how they did in the past
and these system required of
requirements are so ass-backwards they
posted them and i'm just gonna tell you
guys these are so weird some of the
weirdest system requirements like like
the cpu it has a high cpu requirement
but then the GPU you can have a you know
pretty low-end GPU and still be fine so
let's get right into this minimum
processor uh requirement until core i5
2400 and then recommended is an intel
core i7 3770 that's a fairly high
requirement for a cpu for recommended
even as a recommended cpu these usually
don't go above an i5 i mean even a game
like Battlefield 4 recommends an i5 not
an i7 so this is really odd and an i5
2400 as a minimum CPU is also pretty
staggering considering most games you
can get by but the dual-core CPU no
problem so I'm kind of you know fishy
about this I don't think this is
accurate even though steam hasn't listed
it this is just really odd to me and
making it even weirder is you move on to
the memory so you have an intel core i5
2400 as a minimum CPU you think you know
for 8 gigabytes would be the middle
Ram no it's two gigabytes of RAM so
that's really on a really low ram
requirement but hey that's pretty normal
these days Ram is a really big in gaming
at least not yet recommended Ram is 40
gigabyte so again 40 gigabytes with i7
3770 very odd recommended graphics card
requirement nvidia geforce GTS 450 okay
that doesn't go at all with an i5 2400
that's a pretty low-end GPU at this
point and then recommended okay keep in
mind intel core i7 3770 if you have a
3770 chances are you have like you know
a gtx 660 660 ti at the low is probably
even something higher than that
recommended graphics card is a geforce
gtx 650 that is like a $90 graphics card
so you're telling me you recommend a 330
dollar CPU but a $90 graphics card
there's something wrong here and I'm
pretty sure you guys can find it out uh
I can pretty much guarantee you guys
that this game is gonna be a fail port
this is the first time like I said
Platinum's doing a port to the pc
platform and i can almost guarantee you
that this port is gonna fail so hard
it's gonna be locked to 30 frames per
second it's gonna you know be very
fickle in its frame rates it's gonna
look pretty terrible Oh make it might
not even have 1080p support who knows I
am really worried about this poor guys
and I would say hold off on it till it
comes out before you guys pre-order it I
already pre-ordered it myself because
you know I do it i just did because i
love this game on ps3 and i really want
to play it on pc but you know i'm really
hesitant about this port it could go
really south of four platinum if they
fuck this up probably feel more PC ports
or hey maybe if it does go really south
they'll try to prove themselves next
time around hopefully with our rising
coming out on pc that means metal gear 5
will also come out on pc but yeah thanks
for watching um like I said this is
gonna be a port that it has a pretty
50-50 shot on being complete garbage so
yeah thanks for watching I'll catch you
guys later peace